Speech Japanese thing had beauty and
Tranquility is with you, let's bring
more a curiosity in Japan than
i found it in a curiosity of japan
but I bought here in Japan I wanted
show you
this product by finding
vanguart is a store that has everything
here in Japan is cool even it was
against it here and chocolate and tabasco
look at the amount I paid 500 yen and
comes only eight pieces in here
just for you to have an idea all written
Japanese comes only 50 grams of
chocolate
so let's try chocolate from
Tapachula from the coast here right?
At least packaging is cute, right?
are you alone
This is tabasco chocolate.
it's hard to sour coconut chocolate
Just so far I 'm not feeling the
I like nothing about Tabasco.
now I just ate the first bar
I'm feeling my tongue burned.
It's starting to heat up my body.
here the part of the face's already getting a
little warmer the language is getting
warmer one more clown
It's heating up the tempted thing.
everything is fine here
Do not you feel Mexican chocolate bc?
knows tabasco or pepper taste
but let the sensation know that
feeling that you eat pepper
I called that cushioned make
Warming up and this feeling I'm
having now thought it was going to be worse
here it is
I expect a little subjective monkey
a or leave it is this personal if you
liked this chocolate curiosity with
tabasco would have courage to start
Even if you liked the video later
like the team I know
chocolate I heard you should fall in
channel sign up receive all
video news on your homepage
youtube five years also in
instagram and also on twitter beauty
people that frequency japan had their
eyes japan i went
always mobile plug
the search
the difficulty
my God
magic show to ten ten males z